[Music]
today i'm bringing the movie tara for
mars
tara for mars is a 2016 japanese science
fiction film
directed by takashi mike and based on
the manga series of the same name
so at the start of the movie we are
shown the future
when the population was increased and
the government was worried about it
because only a small space was left to
live in the world
to solve this they were thinking that
they should visit and colonize mars
to examine the atmosphere there to know
can humans live
they choose cockroaches to send there
because no matter it is cold or
warm or whatever the weather is
cockroaches stay alive
it was the year 2097 and after the
cockroaches were sent to mars
500 years later in the year 2597
there we see a boy and a girl the name
of the girl is nanao
and the boy was named kamichi being
scared
they were running on the road because
the police were behind them chasing
there was blame on them for murder a
doctor holds them
who works for the government he wasn't
looking like a doctor from his get up
well he says to nanao and kamichi you
have to do a task for me
now he says to them that the cockroaches
those were sent to mars
before 500 years you have to bring them
to me
so that i can see that what changes
occur then and what will be its benefit
i will remove the blames on you the
police will not
follow you for this i will also give you
a lot of money
kamichi and nanao agree on it but they
don't have to move to mars immediately
they were trained for a duration of two
years there were other people with them
who will go to mars
after some time they reach mars going
there
they spread the gas that can faint
others so that the cockroaches present
on mars get faint but when they search
here and there
the shocking thing is that they couldn't
find any cockroaches
the companion of kamichi is named jim
now when jim was moving forward with his
companion
he sees a creature instead of a
cockroach and it was standing like
humans
but it seems like it is half of a
creature and half of a cockroach
it seems like there is a stone or a wood
in its hand
and if they will see someone else accept
them they will attack them
jim puts a hand on his companion's face
and asks him to keep quiet
because these creatures were not looking
innocent nano and kamichi were also
going together
they also see these creatures seeing
them they get scared
they stand still but then the
cockroach-like creature
runs towards them it breaks the neck of
nana
it comes speedily that kamashio couldn't
stop it
doing this it disappears from there
don't know why it was the enemy of nanaw
not only nanao but it also seems like it
was the enemy of humans
they take nanao to a spaceship and the
doctor confirms that
the creature who attacked her was none
other than that cockroach
who was sent here 500 years ago and the
change of atmosphere
affects everything so why it doesn't
happen to them
they evolve and turns into a huge
creature with it
they get the thinking abilities and many
powers they know very well
how to use them the doctor tells them
that there is a way
to fight with them i have an injection
that will make you powerful
you will have the abilities for some
time with it
those cockroach creatures come and then
a man
from their crew comes out he has tied a
cloth on his head
he says that inject this injection into
my body and then he has injected the
injection
and he gets the powers the fire comes
out of his hand
he kills that creature in front of him
with that fire
their roof was made of glass a creature
comes inside
while breaking that glass roof it kills
two men there it detaches the neck of a
man from his body
it seems like this is their favorite
task seeing this
the captain gets aggressive he also
takes the injection
and he changes into a bullet ant he has
many powers
he makes the condition of the creature
worst he cuts its body
then the cockroach army starts moving
toward their spaceship
if they will come inside the spaceship
they will kill everyone
and also will destroy the spaceship they
plan to move from
there with their spaceship but before
this the spaceship shows an error
they couldn't do this they think that we
can go in the old spaceship
why don't we go in it they all move to
that spaceship
but kamichi wasn't feeling good because
nana was killed
they were going while leaving her there
kamichi goes to nanaw and says to her
that i will return
i will take you from here here we some
changes in nanaw's body
and then they move from there then they
see a group of creatures standing in
front of them
it is difficult to defeat them one more
man
takes that injection he also turns into
a dreadful creature
it was like a monster and he has the
ability to throw fire from his mouth he
throws
fire on them they were spared from this
wave
they move forward but they didn't go at
a far distance
meanwhile their army was coming from the
front now two girls
inject the injection and turn into
creatures they try to fight with those
creatures
but this time they were failing again
and again
because those creatures were strong
their car also goes out of balance
it turns and it catches fire it turns
several times
due to it it was totally damaged those
two characters
fell out of it but the amusing thing
here is that
after turning several times the car
starts again
the car was auto and it moves
automatically
then the creatures attack the three
people who were with the doctor
the creatures were near them they blow
the head of one of them
and beats the other one with their stick
that it hit
with the floor like this those creatures
kill them
a girl in the spaceship sets it to the
earth because they don't want to stop
anymore on this planet
the cockroaches which they come to hold
have now turned into creatures
they were not in their control before
this
they hear a voice of something when they
see outside their companions were dead
but only two dead bodies were there
don't know where the third man has gone
kamichi comes in anger kamichi jim
and one more girl inject that injection
now they have the abilities
then they go to the creatures to kill
them meanwhile
we see those creatures we're about to
kill the captain but then a girl whom we
think
is dead coming out while tearing the
body of one of the creatures
and she shoots at the captain with it
she throws water at her companion
here we come to know that they worked
secretly for the doctor
and they tell the doctor about an egg
maybe this is the egg of those creatures
meanwhile two creatures come out from
that egg the spaceship was also ready to
move to the earth
now and they see those newly born
creatures they call other creatures
to stop this spaceship then all
creatures come there while flying
those creatures move toward them but to
fight them only kamichi
jim and a girl was left they were not
understanding that how will they fight
with them
jim hits an idea he thinks that
injecting for the first time they have
some abilities
if we will inject this injection for the
second time we will have more abilities
obviously if we will inject it a third
time maybe we will get all these
abilities
the abilities which those cockroaches
have it happens the same when jim takes
that injection
the third time his wings come out this
is what he wants
now he starts fighting with those
cockroaches but they were in large
numbers
and so strong that they couldn't defeat
them then jim injects that injection for
the fourth time
after it he becomes a monster he has
many powers
but after so long when he couldn't
defeat the creatures he gets tired
then kamichi comes in front and he says
that i will defeat those creatures
kamichi fights with those creatures as
kamachoy goes near a creature
that creature holds komichi it was about
to kill him
meanwhile it sees a glowing thing that
is coming to it while flying
attractive golden dust was falling from
it it seems like a female fairy
hear it who was she in real she was
nanao
and she has come to her this character
permanently it means she wasn't dead at
that time
she has to return kamiji becomes happy
seeing this
he was moving to nanaw but then the
creature understands that she is glowing
maybe when she will be shot it will
create a blast and i can kill her like
this
that cruel creature does the same due to
shooting the glowing nano
there was a blast again disappears
kamichi was also there and his life was
at risk
he can burn in the blast jim lifts him
and takes him from there
but kamichi was calling no no because he
likes nano and seeing her
and he was depressed kamichi gets faint
the next moment when he comes to his
senses
he sees that jim is in front of him
but now he has become a creature
completely comachi says him to go from
here
but jim says that no now i am a creature
of mars
it is not good for me to go to the earth
my friend
i have to stay here and i don't want to
create any problem for anyone
you may leave i will always miss you
kamachi doesn't want to do this
but he has to do this he was depressed
because his friend nanao was no more and
jim also stayed here
now kamichi moves to the spaceship their
next target was earth
now we see the doctor who is telling
this story to the world
on a live telecast when the government
comes to know
that their time and money are wasted the
doctor couldn't bring anything from
there
and he failed in his mission the
government orders to kill the doctor
he has played with people's life and he
tried to trick us
now we see the assistant of the doctor
she was also aggressive with him
because the doctor was not constant
about his commitment
she was about to shoot him but the
doctor was so clever
he knew that what will happen to him in
the end he controls that bullet and it
becomes slow
then we see a spider on that gun and a
gas comes out of it
as that girl smells that gas her
condition gets worse
she dies there with it this movie ends i
hope you liked it
see you again in my next video thank you
for watching
you